a Japanese method to lose weight with a
towel the sedentary lifestyle might
cause many problems with your spine and
weight gain a Japanese doctor named
keshiki fuku suji developed a unique
method to get the body in shape about 10
years ago all you need is a bath towel
this simple technique will help you get
rid of belly fat and improve your
posture within 30 days the method takes
five minutes a day and you need no
equipment in less than a month you can
get your muscles in tone make your waist
smaller and strengthen your back when
this method was first published more
than six million copies of the book were
sold you apply this method correctly
your spine will become straight and your
body will get in shape very soon
also your internal organs will be placed
in the most favorable position for them
the essence of this effective technique
is quite simple as it includes only one
exercise here's how to perform them one
take a towel and tightly roll it to make
it 15 inches or 40 centimeters in length
and 3 to 4 inches or 7 to 10 centimeters
thick number two sit down on a flat hard
surface a soft bed or sofa won't work
it's better to use a Fitness mat on the
floor put the Roll towel behind you
number three
gently lie down on your back holding the
towel so that it is across your body
directly under your waist exactly under
your navel number four spread your legs
shoulder-width apart and bring the feet
together making them look into your big
toes should be pointed toward one
another the heels should be eight to ten
inches apart with 20 to 25 centimeters
number 5 straighten your arms by the
head turn them palms down and connect
your pinky
number 6 now all you need to do is hold
this position for 5 minutes number 7
after that end up gently not to hurt
yourself as your bones and joints
slightly move
during the exercise here's the most
important point that makes the exercise
effective your hands legs and the towel
should be in the correct position
correct our position under your navel
correct hand position palms down pinkies
together correct leg position 8 inches
20 centimeters between the heels in toes
the exercise might be a bit
uncomfortable at first but it will get
easier over time it's difficult to hold
this position for 5 minutes in the
beginning so you can perform the
exercise for 2 to 3 minutes you will
notice the results in a month this
technique is a great alternative to
posture correction practices also you
will significantly shrink your waist and
get the perfect belly however if you
have some musculoskeletal issues consult
your doctor before trying this out if
you've already applied this method share
your experiences in the comments below
we are interested to know how this
technique work for you don't forget to
hit the like button below and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]